hi p.m. dinner here I have a quick
update for you I will be attending a
very intimate conference in Columbus
Ohio on April 9th and tens is called
interact this conference is rather
unique in a way that they offer workshop
that's cap of thirty attendees per
workshop and the workshop is from 9
o'clock to 3 o'clock majority of the
conference is workshop I do tend to be
around 2 and a half and the three hours
so this conference really double the
time and double the learning so it
should be a lot of fun they offer for
workshops sales and marketing alignment
strategies social media and analytics
and guess which one I will be teaching
this time sales and enable name
alignment I will be sharing with you
what you can do better to support your
sales team and I have a plenty of
templates to share
trust me I'm like a goddess of templates
really in addition to workshop I will
deliver a keynote and I will be talking
about the five digital marketing trends
their impacts and what you can do about
them with practical examples so anyway
check out interact register for the
workshop and it's time to explore
Columbus Ohio I hope to see you there in
Columbus Ohio on April 9th and the 10th
thanks a lot bye